chore(deps): bump the patch-minor group with 42 updates (#688)
namesakefyi/namesake: web/src/content/guides/getting-started/index.mdx

import updateDocuments from '_images/update-documents.png';
import liveYourLife from '_images/live-your-life.png';

## Choose a name

<figure class="float right">
  <Image src={chooseAName} alt="A hand holding a pen draws various names on a piece of paper, searching for the one that fits." width={300} densities={[1, 2]} class="multiply" />
  <figcaption style="margin-top: -60px; margin-left: 12px;">
  *All illustrations by [Kit Mills](https://mitkills.com/).*
  </figcaption>
</figure>

If you're on this page, you've likely already decided on a name. If you haven't, that's okay—go at your own pace!

Some tips for exploration:

- **Browse a name database.** [Behind The Name](https://www.behindthename.com/) allows filtering first names by gender, usage, mythology, and other keywords. They also have a fun [random name generator](https://www.behindthename.com/random/) which can help when exploring ideas.
- **Explore family history.** What were the names of your ancestors? What did they do? Sites like [Ancestry](https://www.ancestry.com) can help with this, or if you have a knowledgable relative, you can strike up a conversation with them about names that have been in your family.

> - **Try out names online.** Reddit's [r/TransNames](https://www.reddit.com/r/transnames/about/) is a supportive space for transgender and gender non-conforming individuals to experiment with diffrent names. You can also try on names in the [Namesake Discord](/chat) server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Try out names online.** Reddit's [r/TransNames](https://www.reddit.com/r/transnames/about/) is a supportive space for transgender and gender non-conforming individuals to experiment with different names. You can also try on names in the [Namesake Discord](/chat) server.
```

- **Test the sound of your name in-person.** Waiters and baristas are great options for testing new names. How does the sound of the name feel to hear? Does the other person have questions about pronunciation or spelling?

Finally, it's okay to delay the legal name change process for awhile until you get used to a chosen name. Many trans people wait months, years, or even decades before completing the legal name change process. You can start using a new name with friends without filing any paperwork.

## File a court petition

<Image src={courtPetition} alt="The disembodied arm of the law reaches out from a court building, holding a stack of papers labeled 'Court Order'. In the background, there is a large paper that says 'Name Change Petition'." width={300} densities={[1, 2]} class="float right multiply" />

The first step of the legal name change process to file a *name change petition* and receive a *court order*.

> The completed court order is a requirement to update all other legal documents, so you have to do it first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The completed court order is a prerequisite for updating all other legal documents, so you have to do it first.
```

- **Work:** If you have an HR system, bring your new ID, new social security card, and court order to them and ask them to update your name. If you get your health insurance through your work, you can have them send the updated information to them on your behalf.
- **Healthcare providers:** You should be able to bring in only your new ID at your next in-person visit and go to the front secretaries to have your name updated in the system. Be aware that certain medical professionals will need to know your transition status.
- **Property/house title:** Contact your local clerk's office and follow their instructions. ID and court order are both likely required.
- **Phone Service:** Go to the nearest store of your carrier network with your new ID and court order and request your information be updated.
- **Taxes:** The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will be informed of your name change when you update your information with Social Security. You do not need to contact them.
- **Educational records:** Each school will have different requirements and protocols; contact them and see what theirs is.

> Some other places to consider:

Reviewer: Is it worth noting email address? For example it could be helpful to point people towards [changing their Gmail/Google address/username](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/19870) which starting being possible recently.

Reviewer 2: Oh, that's a good callout. It could be helpful to have an entire guide devoted to updating email addresses: what the options are, how to set up forwarding, etc.

Reviewer 2: Filed: https://github.com/namesakefyi/namesake/issues/689
